It's called the airlock. First, let the party enter the small room through a door that seems to be airtight and indestructible, but unlocked, and opening with a hissing sound of released air. Next, comment on the appearance of the barren room, pointing out a small depression in the middle of the floor, about the size of a medium creature, and an identical door at the other end of the room. The party cannot open the other door in any way, and there is an antimagic field covering the entire room. Of course, the party will eventually decide to close the first door, and see if the second door opens. It will not, and the first door will lock with an audible Ka-chunk. Then, the fun part. The ceiling slowly begins to descend.

The party will probably begin to panic, force the doors, or destroy the walls, to little or no avail. All the while, the ceiling will be slowly, _slowly_pinching downward. The adventurers will see their fate, and suddenly remember the depression in the floor, only big enough for one person. The next part will be interesting as they decide who will be the one to survive. Maybe they'll fight. Maybe they'll vote. Who knows? What happens in that room will have lasting consequences for the relations within the group forever.

Eventually, time will run out, and the ceiling will have gotten so low that everyone will be lying down on the floor. The ceiling drops another inch... then suddenly lifts back up to the ceiling, and the doors opens. Everybody is fine, and the only damage taken is whatever the party has done to themselves.